Now, we are very handy with our Redshift cluster.
Actually, the click and fill away or the more sophisticated,
the Infrastructure as Code way.
We know how to fill data,
we know how to migrate data or ingest inside redshift with all the associated tricks.
Now, we're moving into a part where we want to optimize
the design of our tables where we ingest data,
and that's basically for speeding up queries.
So, when a table is partitioned,
we understand we have a big tables,
and the tables are partitioned into smaller partitions so that we
can access them in parallel or we can parallelize them on slides.
But, the idea is when we chop up those tables,
the default way is actually to do them blindly.
So, if one has an idea about the frequent access pattern of a table,
one can choose a more clever strategy.
The two possible strategies are distribution style and sorting key.
So let's speak about those.